Databricks client implementation (#1)
serena-ruan/unitycatalog-ai: README.md

## Unitycatalog function library

> 

Reviewer: Let's change references to be `Unity Catalog` (similar to Databricks Docs)

The Unitycatalog function library provides convenient APIs to interact with Unitycatalog functions, including functions creation, retrieval and execution.

> The library includes clients for interacting with both Unitycatalog OSS server and Databricks-managed Unitycatalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library includes clients for interacting with both the Open-Source Unity Catalog server and the Databricks-managed Unity Catalog service.
```

## Installation

```sh

> # install from the production repo

Reviewer 2: what is a production repo?

Author: Maybe just 'repo' 😆

Reviewer 2: I'd say "Install from the source"

pip install git+ssh://git@github.com/serena-ruan/unitycatalog-function.git
```
> [!NOTE]
> Once this package is published to PyPI, users can install via `pip install unitycatalog-function`

## Get started

### Databricks-managed UC

> To use Databricks-managed Unitycatalog, please follow the [instruction](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/cli/authentication.html#authentication-for-the-databricks-cli) to authenticate first and make sure the token has workspace-level privilege for managing UC functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Databricks-managed Unity Catalog with this package, follow the [instructions](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/cli/authentication.html#authentication-for-the-databricks-cli) to authenticate to your Workspace and ensure that your access token has workspace-level privilege for managing UC functions.
```

#### Prerequisites
- Install databricks-sdk package with `pip install databricks-sdk`.
- For accessing the UC functions in Databricks, please create a SQL warehouse following [this instruction](https://docs.databricks.com/en/compute/sql-warehouse/create.html), and save the warehouse id.
- [Optional] Install databricks-connect package with `pip install databricks-connect`.

>     - This package is only required for creating UC functions using sql body.

Reviewer 2: Is `databricks-sdk` lacking this functionality?

Author: Ah actually, databricks-sdk supports executing command against a cluster, it doesn't support serverless. Let me add support of using cluster_id with databricks-sdk in a follow-up PR and then update this section :)
